Update circle-mode.rst (#4506)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: plane/source/docs/circle-mode.rst

Circle mode is similar to :ref:`LOITER <loiter-mode>`, but doesn't attempt

> to hold position. This is primarily meant as a failsafe mode and is the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to hold position. This is primarily meant to be used as an initial failsafe mode to allow the vehicle to turn in order to hopefully regain radio control signal and pilot control.
```

> mode that the aircraft will enter by default for ``FS_LONG_TIMEOUT`` seconds when a

Reviewer: remove all following.

Author: Would it make sense to include a reference/link to the Failsafe doc page (and specifically the section that refers to actions here: https://ardupilot.org/plane/docs/apms-failsafe-function.html#failsafe-parameters-and-their-meanings)
How can I add that link?

Reviewer: See :ref:`failsafe documentation <apms-failsafe-function>` for more information.

Reviewer: the backtick does not appear in markdown comments like these...just highlites the phrase

Author: I don't know if I got it right - a backtick didn't show up in what you posted, so I just copied the text.

Reviewer: fixed and squashed....merging
